-Readers often require authors to publish papers in mainstream journals. But the reality is that influential mainstream journals with the highest responsibility of publishing articles on celebrity lies and maintaining the fame and fortune of lying celebrities have never and will never introduce significant breakthrough discoveries by non-famous scholars that far exceed their own. Even some well-known mainstream academic websites often allow original authors to publish their articles in preprint form only after some key content of breakthrough paper manuscripts by non-renowned scholars has been plagiarized, hypocritically demonstrating the fairness and justice advocated by preprint server controllers. Discoverers seeking truth therefore have to create self-media journals, break through the crazy blockade and strangulation of fame and fortune mainstream, and spread great scientific truths to the world with tenacious perseverance. Mathematics and Nature is one of the self-media journals that emerged in this historical context. Readers will be able to read about a series of significant breakthroughs in mathematics and science that powerful mainstream academic groups cannot achieve in more time from Mathematics and Nature. Insight into the motives and outcomes of mainstream scholars who have been stifling and defaming major breakthrough discoveries, recognize the ignorance, arrogance, hypocrisy, greed, and immorality of mainstream scholars, and see through the ugly face hidden under the glamorous veil of mainstream scholars. The journal Mathematics and Nature plans to publish 100 major breakthrough papers, introducing unparalleled scientific discoveries since Newton, exposing the essence of the erroneous and absurd theories packaged by the magnificent Nobel Medal based on false mathematical calculations and fabricated observational data in experimental reports. For nearly 100 years, the Nobel Prize jury has been intentionally, unintentionally, or controlled by power, constantly awarding medals and bonuses to erroneous theories and false experimental reports that they do not understand at all. They have turned ignorant and immoral individuals into heroes in the scientific community, making them shining lighthouses in the boundless ocean of science. The actual effect is to guide scientific research towards lies and fraud. Mathematics and Nature, with its weak power, strives to promote scientific righteousness and alert future moral individuals to participate in the leadership work of the scientific community. People all over the world who pursue truth unite and strive to realize our common great wish. 
